Doc: update RaidbossGuide.md (#2535)
quisquous/cactbot: docs/RaidbossGuide.md

**timeline**
Optional extra lines to include as part of the timeline.

> The value may be string or an array of strings,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value may be a string or an array of strings,
```

or a `function(data)` that returns string or an array of strings,
or an array contains different kinds of items above.

> There is is a complete example uses **timeline** property in [test.js](../ui/raidboss/data/00-misc/test.js).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a complete example that uses the **timeline** property in [test.js](../ui/raidboss/data/00-misc/test.js).
```

Use of canned conditions and responses is recommended where possible, although
given Square's extremely talented fight design team, it's not always going to *be* possible.

## Outputs

In order to reduce duplications across trigger sets,

> cactbot built a set of locale strings including some text wisely used between triggers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cactbot has a set of locale strings that includes text repeatedly used by triggers.
```

> So we can easily reference to those translated text instead of translating/copy it one more time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When writing triggers, prefer using `Outputs` if possible to avoid duplication.
```

> A simple example using `outputStrings` and `Outputs` as below:

Reviewer: I'm a little skeptical that this is a simple example, considering it requires a helper function that isn't listed in the example.

What about using `E9S Zero-Form Devouring Dark` as an example that combines Outputs and a custom output string, but without logic that's very complicated?

Author: Sure!
